Our Staff

Dee Ramos - Owner
Dee grew up working summers at her aunt's dig grooming salon, The Clip-n-Fluff. AFter graduating from Miami Dade College with a degree in business administration, Dee managed a busy veterinary clinic. Several years later, her aunt announced that she was ready to retire.. and Dee jumped at the chance to take over the business. She had new ideas of hew own, and her aunt was happy to see that Dee would bw taking what she had started to the next level. Dee is the proud best frind to Fritz, a Wheaten Terrier, and his Tibetan Spaniel sidekick, Sam.

Shane Barlow - Head Groomer
Shane was our first intern. After graduating from St.Petersburg College's Vet Tech program, he joined Pampered Pups as a full-time groomer. He knows the name and grooming preferances of every pet that comes into Pampered Pups. His custom Waggle Spa Treatment is our most popular grooming package. Shane specializes in grooming your dog to be "Show Ready". Shane regularly brushes the coat of Felicity, his pampered Collie.

Kasey Devine - Boarding Manager
Kasey has been working at Pampered Pups since the beginning. Her organizational and social skills help manage Pampered Pups' daycare and boarding schedules without a whimper. She was the architect of our Stay-n-Play Kennel with its individual sleeping areas connected to the outdoor play yard. Her knowledge of every breed's likes and dislikes has helped us create the best possible atmosphere for each dog while they're guests of ours. Kasey has her hands full at home. She recently married Frank, whose German Shepherd, Max, is getting along pretty well with Bubba, Kasey's bossy Corgi.

Our Support Staff & Interns
Jack, Camellia, Ryan, Jamie, and Ana are comitted to making sure guests waggle more than they bark. They are assisted by some smart and caring interns from the veterinary tech program at the local college. They are involved in all areas of Pampered Pups and specialize in making sure your dog is safe is having fun.